From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes.
Oh, weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 95. Recorded live
Thursday, December 1st, 2011. Support for Hansel
minutes is provided by teller
a D controls, the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode
of the framework series, Scott
talks with Rob Reynolds about
the Chuck Norris framework. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today we're
kicking off another series. We
did the startup series and
certainly as you have startups
in them to me, but
I want to talk about
frameworks. I wanna talk about
different people designing different frameworks.
How do you know when
a framework's done? How do
you know when a framework
is good? And how do
you know when it's a
framework? So kicking off our
framework series, we're going to
talk to Rob Reynolds. And
he's also speaking on behalf
of drew sellers, his partner
in crime, and they have
created something that they call
the Chuck Norris framework. How's
it going? Rob, John Gray. How
are you doing I'm very
well, thanks a lot for
coming on the show up
at github.com/chuck Norris. And of
course, I want to know
what you're going to do.
When Chuck Norris tells you
not to use his name,
I'm going to switch to
another famous Kung Fu artists
is gonna become the jet
Lee framework or what's the
flyer. And that's a good
question though. He's high, he's
hardcore with the, with the
social media you watch after
this talk chocolate be on
the phone with you. It's
going to be awesome. If
he allows you to live,
then I consider that a
win up at github.com/chuck Norris.
You've got a thing called
the Chuck Norris framework, and
it's kind of a, it
appears to be kind of
a loosely Confederated group of
utilities that solve a bunch
of different problems within the.net
ecosystem. It's all open source
and they're all named after
different things that, that Chuck
Norris would do like headlock
counterpunch roundhouse drop house drop,
kick, and upper cut and
things like that. How did
this, how did this start?
Take me back to when
the initial concept came up
versus something you're just doing
for yourself, drop build, but
not in the bad Sense.
You basically, you bring in
stuff, you open up a
settings file, you make a
couple of edits. And if
you, the rest of the
file has your conventions in
it. He closed that down
and you have yourself an
automated bill. So it's not,
it's not like a cruise
control or a team city,
but it's not like ms.
Build, right. Is it set
between them? It's kind of
like the ms. Build, right?
It's actually, it's, it's built
on Nat. Oh, okay. So,
so Nat of course, people
may or may not remember,
but Nat was the dotnet
port of ant and Nant
is a build system that
was used, you know, 2003
to 2006, really, really fervently
and kind of no pun
intended and kind of when
Emma's build came out, a
lot of people felt Emma's
built killed Nant, but there's
still a lot of people
using it. Cause it's an,
a very useful way to
create a bill file. So
yours you're issuing and I
spelled completely, right. There's no
EMIS build In this building.
Of course, when you compile,
you always got to go
down to like ms. Bill.
Okay. So you're not calling
the compiler. Yes, No, no.
Somebody could get into that
particular step, that compile step
and actually do a, an
extension and replace it and
then just call CSC or
VBC. I believe it is,
But why would I want
to use, why would I
want to use something like
this? If, if does, what
does this do to ms.
Bill doesn't do, because whenever
someone is deciding to choose
a framework, you know, they
have to figure out what
kind of I would, I
was going to use the
word ego, but, you know,
with any, with any open
source software, there's ego involved.
And I don't mean like
major capital ego, like, you
know, we're awesome. Use our
framework, but there has to
be at least enough. We're
awesome. Use our framework. That
is that, that, that, that
justifies the existence of the
framework itself. Right? So you
saw a problem that was
big enough that you said
me and drew can solve
this. So you don't, you
don't think ms. Bill by
itself does what you needed
to do. So what does
this add on to that?
Ms. Bill really is, it
gives you the idea of
you have a compilation. So
in one sense of the
word of Venice building, the
other sense is that you
could use them as build
and you can write the
project files and you can
set up your building. That's
a very customized bill and
you're saying, I want to
build it. I want to
run the test. I want
to package it up really
nicely. Oh, well, I also
want to do a version
of assembly, all right, here
in this script. What if
we took that idea and
we kind of a third
party that whole side. Right?
And so I just bring
it in and all that
stuff is already there. So
I don't have to rewrite
the wheel every single time
I can just drop in
the update. So I'm actually
upgrading my bill. And if
I'm doing all my customizations
over here to the side,
for that particular bill, then
I can really upgrade my
ability to take advantage of
newer things really quickly. Okay.
So is it like a
Boyce of boilerplate it's best
practices it's builds in the
real world encapsulated into a
series of best practices and
conventions, Right? And of course,
yes, every framework we work
on is pretty much opinionated.
Some we call that in
ego involved. Of course. So,
yeah, if you, if you
don't have an opinion, you
should probably not be writing
a framework, but I mean,
there are very open frameworks
that allow you to build
up your own opinions or
your own conventions. And there's
definitely a place for that
in this build. Those are
what I consider frameworks, but
they don't really have opinions
on them. You kind of
add those in as you
go. And so every kid
has kind of let's, let's
put an opinion on something
and, you know, people do
the same thing you do.
They run their bills, they
run their tests, they run
any other type of analyzers.
Then they start packaging up
that content and then, you
know, have it prepared so
that they can actually deploy
it. And it kind of
takes all that process for
you. So you can just
focus on code. You don't
have to focus on the
automated build as much also
because it provides the build
dot bat file. Right? You
can easily hook that into
Jenkins or TeamCity or cruise
control. I think you've brought
up an interesting point in
that you're, you're juxtaposing the
difference between a framework that
exists, but doesn't impose its
opinions are really kind of,
you know, wallow in them
and really declare we have
lots of opinions and this
is what we think you
should do. You gave a
couple of examples of frameworks
without opinions. What are, what
are some others? I mean,
do you think that something
like new get is an
opinionated framework or it's just
kind of passive and then
it allows you to build
your conventions on top of
it? I think it's slightly
opinionated. I mean, the, the
one, the one thing that
came out with new get
when we brought that out
is everybody wanted to be
able to change the law,
the packages folder and make
it the live folder. Right?
So there was an opinion
there saying, well, we really
want it to be this.
And so I do think
it is a bit opinionated,
but that said, I think
the opinions helped to set
standards, right. That in that
development itself, I think is,
is a little lacking in
like standards of, Hey, how
do I, how do I,
you know, set up my
source control? Do I put
a source folder here? Or
do I just start putting
in projects all at this
level, right. Where I think
other languages that are a
little bit more opinionated and
they actually have a standard
for how you set up
your, you know, your structure.
Yeah. That's a really good,
that's a really good point.
I've actually mentioned before that
I felt that the.net itself
and the diamond framework, the
base class library, I thought
was very opinionated. Then there
was a lot of thought
put into the design of
the, although not everyone agrees
with it, but for the,
for the, for the build
system and the project references.
And like you said, even
something as simple as where
do I put my files?
There's really nothing. There's no
guidance. There's no, there's no
opinion at all. Does that
exist in the Java world?
I don't remember when I
was working in Java in
the late nineties and the
early two thousands. I don't
remember Java telling me where
to put stuff that that
may have changed. I don't
know that I could speak
intelligently on Java per se.
But what, what I understand
is like, is it Maven
that will force you to
put that in a certain
structure? Oh, a Maven is
very, certainly Maven is very,
very opinionated, but Maven isn't
Java and you know, it
wasn't all Maven didn't always
exist, but of course that's
the sign of a good
framework is one that comes
up and becomes ubiquitous. And
then everyone thinks of it
as being one in the
same. Yes, Absolutely. So is
all of the Chuck Norris
framework, very opinionated or does,
is it just a just
round house, not round house,
rather uppercut, sorry. I'm confusing.
My Kung Fu or my
karate A drop kick is
probably the least opinionated just
because it is the deployment
framework and we're not going
to predispose to know how
you're going to deploy your
code and how you're going
to need, you know, everything
set up in your environment.
And so we leave that
one as the most open,
you may want to use
roundhouse and roundhouse is the
database migrations from, if you
want to use your own,
you know, migrations framework and
drop, cake's going to leave
that wide open for you
to make that decision. You
may want to, you know,
clean out all your code
before you dump the new
stuff on. So you kind
of build up your conventions
and in a deployment plan.
Okay. So let's, let's, let's
go through the list a
little bit. So we've got,
we've got uppercut, which is
the build system. You have,
let me get this correct.
The, the opinionated build system,
and then there's packages that
could be plugged into uppercut.
So you can make it
as opinionated as you want,
take it even farther in
the direction that you want.
Then there's roundhouse, which is
a migration tool that deals
with database migrations using SQL
files and then kind of
versions of that. And it
has to be reasonably opinionated
because it's setting up an
entire way of doing database
migrations, right. Then there's drop
kick. And that is a
deployment framework. So that's, once
you've got your stuff built
and you're ready to deploy,
that's what drop kick it.
And then you said that
was the least. Yeah. Because
deployments are so different. I
mean, everyone wants to do
things a different way. Yes,
absolutely. Okay. And then there's
a couple of, of other
smaller projects. Counterpunch headlock scheduling
tools, and then there's just
base class library called Chuck,
how new is Chuck? And
is that something that, that
you knew needed to exist?
You started designing the framework
or did you kind of
discover it and then realize
you needed to go and
put some abstractions and stuff
up there? Actually, that was
brought up by drew. As
we started to see an
evolution of these tools, having
some of the same underlying
items, we said, you know,
we really need like a
base framework. That could be
the it. So if you
think of like, what Nant
is, if you say that's
just a library of a
whole bunch of tasks that
somebody threw down, right. You
can think of chat the
same way is that's just
a whole library. We just
throw all the tasks, the
low level tasks that we
do in there. And then
these frameworks build up on
top of that. And so
what we've said, or what
we've noted is that when,
when these frameworks reach a
2.0 status, some of them
aren't even one point yet
that they will use the
chug DLL. But until that
time they they're welcome to
use what they're using. Now
with the framework, we kind
of split out, you know,
three works on several of
them and I worked on
several of them. And then
we get together on some
of them and pair together
to do some work on
some of the frameworks. How
important do you think it
is when someone designs a
framework to have a partner
or a peer programmer that
really sees things the way
that they see, because I've
always seen you and drew
working together? Is that just
a coincidence because you work
at the same company, or
did you find your, your
soulmate in the coding world?
You know, I think drew
seller's soulmate is Chris Patterson.
They worked together on the
mass transit project, but the,
no, I think the coincidence
there is we did work
together for probably three to
four years. And I kinda
considered drew a mentor, really
helped me kind of get
some, some great perspective on
things that I probably wouldn't
have had. Otherwise it's really
good. It's a great to
have a different perspective. So
I think that when it
comes to frameworks, you have
your perspective. Hopefully you can
get the perspective of the
community as they start using
it, but it's really good
to also be able to
just bounce ideas back and
forth off of somebody. I
was gonna say a lot
of these ideas, so like
counterfactual pretty much vaporware, but
we've talked about it. It
was meant as a replacement
for a scheduling tool that
we had a lot of
pain and suffering in. And
a lot of the tools
that we built is because
we had some pain or
suffering problems to solve with
the chat North framework. I
think the biggest thing for
us in the company that
we worked together and was
that we had basically five
levels of auditors and we
had to answer auditing questions
and we needed tools that
could help us meet all
these Sarbanes Oxley requirements. So
that's kind of where it
came from the idea that
we could also make it
fun and we can make
it very, very developer friendly
and simple, simple was always
the goal Very, very briefly
maybe mentioned what Sarbanes Oxley
is because it there's a
constraint implied within frameworks like
that, like Sarbanes, Oxley, and
other kind, federal guidelines for
doing things that could potentially
inspire one to go and
make a framework. And I
want to explore when, when
you might find yourself doing
a framework because of some
unusual constraint at work Sarbanes-Oxley
is really controls and auditing.
And it's trying to figure
out who did what, when
and why. Right. And did
they know what they were
doing when they did it?
I guess that's the biggest
summary of that. I think
the intent and that could
be wrong, but I think
that's the biggest summary of
the intent for Sarbanes Oxley.
And this is part of
your, the company that you
work at. And I was
going to ask you when
you're making a framework Since
moved on, Drew's also moved
on to another position, but
yeah, look back fondly on
the experience, of course, This
episode of Hansel minutes is
brought to you by careers
2.0 and our friends at
stack overflow careers, 2.0 is
the only career site dedicated
to matching great developers with
great jobs and post your
open dev positions on careers.
2.0 today, reach the entire
development community, all 15 million monthly
visitors on stack overflow. The
best part is you receive
exceptional candidates, not that massive
pile of unqualified resumes that
you're used to waiting through
will save you tons of
time and headaches. When you
post your job, you can
even choose to receive a
career candidates, careers profile, instead
of just their resume, making
your candidates sorting even easier.
And the guys over at
stack overflow believe in their
product so much that if
you're not incredibly happy, they'll
refund your money. No questions
asked. And to top it
off as a valued Hansel
minutes listener, you'll get a
free stack overflow. T-shirt when
you purchase a job listing
to get your free, t-shirt
use the code Hansel minutes
and check it out on
careers dot stack overflow.com. Once
again, that URL careers dot
stack overflow.com. How much of
the framework was, was created
based on the things that
we're trying to be imposed
upon you by different regulations
is I trying to understand
is they say necessity is
the mother of invention. You
know, have you found that,
that you needed the, the
pressure, the outside pressure and
the intense constraint from these
different different systems to cause
you to create your own
framework? Or do you think
you would have made your
own framework? You know, I,
it's hard to say a
lot of times we as
developers do things because we
find an interesting problem area,
but sometimes, and probably most
of the time we do
things because we're trying to
meet some problem that we
have. Right. And so, you
know, you'll find yourself if
you work on multiple frameworks,
like I do, okay. I
need to concentrate here because
it's going to solve this
need that I have now.
Right. And so it's kind
of a prioritization thing. I
really like to do that,
but this is more important.
It's going to get me
to the point where I
can solve this concern that
I have. And you both
worked at the same company
when you started this. Right.
And that was the company
that it had the unusual
requirements. Yes. When, when you're
working for a company and
you're making your framework in
response to some of the
constraints around that company, I've
always wondered if the bosses,
if the suits care or
understand that you are opinionated.
Because I wonder sometimes when
I see really opinionated, frameworks
and frameworks that have a
lot of breadth, I think
the Chuck Norris framework has
the potential to have a
lot of breadth because it's,
it's basically codified the, you
know, both of your guys's
opinions and, and you're kind
of spackling over, or puttying
over things in the dominant
framework ecosystem that you don't
like. But if you were
a suit or some kind
of business person at your
last job, you might have
no idea. You just take,
you take the technical guys
word for it. You're like,
yeah. You know, the build
system.net sucks. We're going to
write our own, you know,
it doesn't have anything to
do with our business, but
we're going to do it.
Oh, absolutely. This actually, we
had a reason we had
a 98 builds or 98
source control repositories we needed
to get built on. And
so we actually had to
put a convention in and
when we first did it,
it wasn't, I would say
very good. It was, it
was good enough to meet
the, the need, but as
we were going through and
we were doing this really,
Oh, we could do this
and Oh, we can do
this other thing, which should
actually save us time. And
at some point we got
to the point where we
said, okay, so now we
have what I would consider
a framework. What do we
do with this? And so
at that point, it became
less about working on it
at work and more about
working on it at home.
Because, you know, when you
open source or work on
open source, sometimes you have
to have the approval of
the business. You got to
worry that, you know, maybe
the business isn't going to
like this or something, or
want to own it when
you're done. Did you have
any pushback from the, from
the suits that this was
a problem? Or did they
have any sense that you
were off doing something that
wasn't necessarily moving the business
forward in a strict, strict
sense? Or is that, is
that not a consideration when
creating a framework? Yeah. It's
always a consideration. Cause you
want to keep your job.
You just, you gotta be
up front and you gotta
say, Hey, look, you know,
I see something here. And
if you've built that good
relationship with the people that
you're working with, then you've
built up a sense of
trust. Right? I think we
had that. And I think
that once we open sourced
it, we actually, the business
benefited. It's huge. And I
think that's kind of a
misnomer with maybe some businesses.
They think that you using
open source is bad in
some way, or, you know,
it could potentially open up
some problems. But a lot
of times what I've seen
is when the business kind
of allows for that to
happen, they actually, the products
that they use become better.
So there's definitely a mutual
benefit aspect of it. When
you move to the new,
the new company, you guys
kind of parted ways with
the place that inspired you
to need to make the
framework, did the framework's direction
change at all, or did
you detect that? It did.
Absolutely. And probably the best
example of that is an
uppercut. When we were at
the company, they're fine. You
know, checking everything in, you
know, it's, it's kind of
a heavy framework itself because,
you know, you gotta have
Nat, you gotta have in
unit, you gotta have, you
know, if he's in a
few station, you gotta have,
you know, the ops you
cater, but you gotta have
all these libraries in. We
just check it all on
the source control and because
everything was local and we
were using this version and
it wasn't that big a
deal going to a new
company, the kind of balls
that are like, you know,
I'd really rather all these
tools not actually reset with
the, the actual, you know,
in source control. Cause I
want to keep source control
very, very small. Hmm. So
you're saying that their, their
concern about being opinionated was
with all the things that
it brought along with it,
not necessarily the opinions that
it brought, but all of
the required under underlying stuff
to enable that opinion. No,
there was a little bit
with the opinions of the
frame itself. I mean, we
try to follow the conventions
and we make those conventions
configurable. Right. And so where
there was differences that tool
already had the ability to
say, okay, well we can
do it this way for
this piece. Right. And that's
kind of where I liked
the idea of convention over
configuration is that there is
a convention for the tool,
but please allow me to
override that roundhouse really does
a fantastic job of that.
It has really just one
required parameter, but a lot
of the settings are all
configurable and they all have
to fall. And when I
went to the new company,
they had a lot of,
a lot of ideas on
how to change some of
that or make it better,
you know? And so, yeah,
definitely I think going to
a new company actually brings
about more perspective for you
as a person so that
you can actually take your,
this framework that you have
and see how you can
evolve it. So it actually
meets more scenarios. Did you
end up having to go
and remove some stuff when,
when you brought, when you
brought it to the new
company? No. Never really had
a problem with having to
remove anything now, not saying
that couldn't happen. What we've
seen is they liked it
and then they wanted to
do some other things as
well. And so I guess
that brings up a really
interesting point is how do
you, how do you gauge
what is just for this
business versus what could benefit
a community, right? And say,
this is just going to
be something that you guys
do versus this is going
to be something that benefits
everybody. And so I guess
one particular example was know
with roundhouse, I really need
those assemblies to be signed
so that I could actually
incorporate it into visual studio
and an extension. And that
thing actually benefits the entire
community. So that was a
pretty much a slam dunk.
But another concern was they
really don't want log for
net to be required as
the logging tool. I would
rather have it be open
so I could just plug
in my own water. So
I have to carry around
this extra DLL when using
the, the, the library version
of it, the executable it's
all brought together as just
one file. Right? And you've
actually, you you've, you've actually
caught me. I was leading
you a certain, a certain
direction and where that was
is your opinions shaped it
initially, but the requirements of
the business that you were
in, kind of where the
primary driver of your, of
your framework, the thing that
you're looking at in front
of you, the thing that's
in front of your face
ultimately is the number one
influencer of your framework. Then
you move to another company,
you introduced the framework, but
at the same time, simultaneously
the framework is becoming more
and more popular. So then
how do you know who
your primary choice of requirements
should be? Right? Is it,
is it the community that
appreciates it and uses it
and doesn't work at your
company? It doesn't care about
Sarbanes Oxley or whatever the
new, you know, requirement of
the day is, how do
you serve your day job
and the community at the
same time when designing a
framework Best I can say
is try to incorporate configuration
so that when there is
the idea that you could
change, know, frameworks should be
a little bit more open
and the ability to configure
things or be at least
extensible so that when you
run into stuff like this,
you can step in and
actually put in, you know,
that particular company, if you
don't, then you, that you
kind of got to draw
a hard line in the
sand. And luckily I haven't
had to do this yet,
but I found the need
to have to do this
because in the end, if
the company says, you know,
we're going to go a
different direction, they just don't
use your framework. And that's
kind of the, cause they
don't own the framework. They're
kind of a consumer. I
know. Yeah. They have one
of the primary maintainers that
are there and they can
yes. Influence that guy or
gal. But in the end,
that is to me, at
least I'm here. And that
is a, what's the term
I'm looking for this kind
of a, it's nice to
have that, but if we're
going to use it for
our business and we're going
to do that, and that's
why we brought that person
on and we want to
change that framework. I think
that should be a new
framework or something internal where
they just fork the project
and go a different way.
Right. But how does your,
it was getting back to
ego and how, you know,
all these different things drive
a framework requirements, the requirements
that are currently there, that
requirements that are coming, job
requirements, ego requirements, when you
are going from job to
job, theoretically, let's say that,
that you start pouring more
and more of your personality
and Drew's personality into this
framework and you carry it
from job to job. Would
you be able to go
to a job that already
had a framework or maybe
didn't use one at all?
It didn't feel the need
for an opinion framework and
say, all right, I guess
I'm not going to be
working on Chuck Norris at
this job. Oh yeah. You
know, we'll always be working
on Chuck North on the
side, but you know, if
the company decides that they
already have something and they
don't want to use it,
that's not, no, for no
reason it shouldn't be a
stop or maybe it's a
good time to see if
there's anybody else in the
community wants to step up
and continue being very active
in the contributions where you
kind of take a, maybe
a little bit of a
backseat role with Dropkick. We
actually did this drew what
to accompany where they're, they're
using something different and they're
not going to be using
Dropkick. And so I kind
of took over as the
primary maintainer and actually stepping
into the new company, they
had a huge need for,
you know, the deployment, a
deployment framework. And so a
lot of stuff was added
in to answer the needs
of this business. But So
you wouldn't feel bad if
you presented this at a
company and they were just
like, you know, not so
much, we've got our own
thing. No, I actually ran
into some opposition with that,
with one of them. And
that was kind of, well,
you know, two out of
three ain't bad. Did you,
did you expect that you
would, you would come in
and present this and say,
all right here, Hey, by
the way, you know, hired
me and here's this awesome
thing that I, that I've
got, you know, you get
me and you get this
great framework. You don't really,
that's not usually like the,
the thing I stepped into
an interview. It's just like,
you know, here I am,
here's all the problems I
solved at this last business.
It's not really about the
frameworks, you know, at that
point. So you don't. Okay.
Well, that's interesting. I, I've
always wondered though. Like when,
when someone, when you hire
someone, how, how much are
you bringing their, you bring
their emotional baggage, but you
also bring their technical baggage.
You know, and I have
spoken to people who have
brought their frameworks with them.
And then I have spoken
to people who write a
new framework or, you know,
on a, on a case
by case basis. And I
think that's a good point.
I think that it can
be, if you decided that,
you know, this is totally
different than what I was
doing. You don't try to
take that framework that the
community is not using and
reshape it to something that
you now need. That to
me, that seems kind of
bad. If you can't mold
the business into a way
that actually works with your
framework, then yeah. Maybe it's
a good time to explore
writing a new framework. What
is a, what is next
for what is next for
Chuck Norris though? You've got
some things that have been
half started and some things
that are really, really going
full on. I'm curious what
what's planned for the future.
I think the plan for
the future is just, you
know, see what, how the
community wants to take these
tools and see, see where
they want to go. I
mean, roundhouse got Oracle way
back in the beginning because
a couple of guys looked
at all the other frameworks
and said, we want this
one and we can make
this a better framework. And
so they came in, they
helped with roundhouse, they got
Oracle running. And then from
there we started something where
we had all these multiple
database types to be able
to hook in. And new
database type is very simple.
It takes, you know, somebody's
knowledge of how do you
create the database? How do
you restore a database? How
do you create these tables
and then put data in
these tables? And of course,
how do you run a
migration? You know, how do
you, how do you run
all of these different items?
But because of that, I
mean, we got a lot
of community contributions here on
this last release. And we
added actually three new database
types coming in this last
release. And two of them
came from external sources, which
I thought was awesome. But
like I said, you know,
none of these tools would
be what they are today.
If it was just my
ego or Drew's ego and
not listening to the community
and what they need and
trying to see if we
could shape the tool in
that way. So really good
advice, I guess, for anybody
that works on open sources,
don't push away, you know,
possible contributors just because their
ideas are different than yours.
Because when you do that,
you're closing a door and
you're possibly opening another door
to competition the competition that
actually probably could've helped out
your project. I think that
that's extremely good advice to
anyone who's creating a framework,
not only not make it
in a, in a vacuum,
but really think about what
are your motivations, think about
who your audience is, listen
to your audience, whether it
be the job that you're
working out of the community.
But if someone is using
your framework, you should be
listening to them. People can
check out the Chuck Norris
framework@gethub.com slash Chuck Norris. There's
lots of stuff there. And
you certainly, you don't have
to take the entire framework
if you don't want to,
you can take just the
pieces that make you happy.
And as you can tell,
from what Rob said, both
Robin drew are listening and
are definitely excited to have
you or opinions about their
framework. And I appreciate you
Rob kicking off the framework
series. You're on the show.
Thanks. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
we'll see you again next
week.